we're talking about filters today at the
service center here at Samsa Honda world
so I guess first question how can you
tell when there's your filter needs to
be changed
well when you're inside cabinet filled
for needs to be changed
you'll start picking up some old smell
from the air conditioning like a wet
sock type things you'll know more dust
inside the vehicle well you might need a
little service done or maybe a change of
clothes I don't know a wet sock you
might want to get that removed ok yeah
we're talking today about about cabin
filters these are two soldiers that were
going typically inside of a - to the car
and what they do is filter out two
pylons the pylons of dust
you know the smoke of the exhaust fumes
that come inside the cabin interior when
you got your in on this it's pretty
dirty yeah I'm not a filter expert but
is this person like a smoker or
something I mean they look pretty
durable there so this is all outside of
air every 30,000 miles you want to do
that or right around that and when you
put a new one in it it comes in looking
like this for trapping dust and pilot
and that's pretty good how quickly can
you change out the filter like say say I
wanted to do it on my car could I can I
do it by myself or you might need a
little sister because they're up behind
the glovebox way up inside the - oh and
so generally you want to a
do-it-yourselfer can do it but most time
you want to trained professional to do
that so they don't break anything when
they're inside there okay okay we also
have for the engine because we want it
to breathe properly also air filters oh
so there's more than one filter you got
quite a few filters we're just talking
about two abroad at the moment but
you've got a lot of filters but when the
filters get dirty like this the engine
can't breathe it will cause it to use
more fuel there's a big concern of these
days and it can have some long-term
effects like drivability of the engine
of the catalytic converter how much
overwork it's doing because it's trying
to filter out more fuel than it should
be a typical new filter would naturally
look like this right and about every 15
to 20 poly driving conditions of the
drive you know where you're at fifteen
to thirty thousand miles is when you
want to change this that's a lot to keep
track of Larry and can your service
professional kind of keep track and we
do that automatically and also on the
newer ma
cars none of my humbles you have lights
to come on with numbers on your dash
that will tell you when it's time to
change these things you actually say
change better it'll have a code 1 or a
code 2 or code 3 that's right one of
these codes tell you which ones which
filter you want to change what flood you
want to change their time adore take
tires
I like dummy lights Larry they help me I
know zippy I'm sure it's epi could tell
if that's a yeah that's a bad you don't
want to bury it yeah that's right what
about if people do have dogs and animals
that they tote around in their cars a
lot does that will that speed up the
process of how soon you need to review
when you Erika serves on this on a
recirculating cycle so it's taking 80%
of the air to set aside the car it's
recirculated again through these filters
through the air Tricia system to make
the air colder so that it does more
efficiently but if you have dogs and
stuff like get in the car with furs and
it will get trapped inside these and
call them up more quickly
well Larry you've told us more than I've
ever really wanted to know about filters
right